Document reviewer friendly force pushing policy in PRs (#430)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/engineering/code_reviews.md

Do:

- Prefer small PRs. If a large PR is unavoidable, try to organize it into smaller commits (with [good commit messages](commit_messages.md)) that are reviewable independently (and indicate this to the reviewer in the description).
- Create a draft PR first and review your own diff as if you were reviewing someone else's change. This helps you empathize with your reviewer and can help catch silly mistakes before your reviewer sees them (e.g. forgetting to `git add` a file, forgetting to remove debugging code, etc.).
- Create meaningful PR title and description that communicates **what** the PR does and **why** (the **how** is the diff).
  - Include links to relevant issues (e.g. "closes #1234", "helps #5678").
  - Include a screenshot, GIF, or video if you are making user facing changes.
  - Discuss alternative implementations that you considered but didn't pursue (and why).
  - Describe any remaining open questions that you are seeking feedback on.
- Make it clear who's review(s) you are waiting for.
- Politely remind your reviewer that you are waiting for a review if they haven't responded after one business day.

> - Don't force push commits that erase the latest reviewed commit or any commit prior to that. This makes it easy for reviewers to pick up where they left off in the previous round.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you need to work on your PR after a first round of reviews, try not to force push commits that erase the latest reviewed commit or any commit prior to that. This makes it easy for reviewers to pick up where they left off in the previous round.
```

Reviewer 2: I think @mrnugget wording is clearer.

Reviewer 3: I like this better because it also includes `try not to` which implies there are some exceptional cases one could run into in which it is OK to do so.

  - Describe any remaining open questions that you are seeking feedback on.
- Make it clear who's review(s) you are waiting for.
- Politely remind your reviewer that you are waiting for a review if they haven't responded after one business day.

> - Don't force push commits that erase the latest reviewed commit or any commit prior to that. This makes it easy for reviewers to pick up where they left off in the previous round.

Reviewer: Can we add that prior to requesting reviews or having recevied a review it's fine to clean up commits by force pushing?

I think this sounds much more general than intended. As I understood it, this rule should help avoid a situation where a PR goes through multiple rounds of reviews and the reviewers lose track of what they already looked at after the PR author force-pushed changes in between rounds. I think the rule is good to avoid _that situation_, but in other situations it's, IMHO, fine to force push for whatever reasons.

Author: @mrnugget: Sure thing, please suggest how you'd like to word it.

Reviewer: https://github.com/sourcegraph/about/pull/430/files#r353808172
